Although I don't have much savings
But all my money can be used to support his project
Okay, one wants to start a business
One is willing to pay
I just don't know how much savings Miss Xu has made as a streamer?
I've sent a lot of mail home over the years.
There's still 1 million in Cary
Isn't it easy?
So little money in business
The money for the facade is not enough for a few days.
The business I want to do doesn't need to be south of the board
The money is enough to get started
Develop APP
Integrate takeout and catering
Building a healthy platform for young people
When did the small business of takeout and catering become part of our Zhou Group's actress, Miss Xu?
You lowered his horizons.
The takeaway market in Harbor City has great potential
As long as the data is enough, I can make an online platform by myself
Times are different.
The Zhou Group needs innovation
I want to be my own king
Hum entrepreneurship
It's up to you to teach me
Grandpa, didn't you also rely on grandma's savings to come up step by step?
Even now
You also often look at grandma in a daze
And me now
What's the difference?
Ok anyway
This kind of small business that can't be sold on the table
Resolute opposition
Miss and the money went to waste
Don't regret it
Yanyan, I believe in Ajin
I have no regrets
This girl took out money to support Ah Jin's entrepreneurship
Compared to those rich ladies
Is worth trusting
Dad, for the sake of your years of hard work for the Zhou Group
I'll give you a retirement payment today
Thanks grandpa